A diary?
 
What shall I write?
 
What kind of things about me should I write?
 
Today, I woke up in the morning, went to school, and had my lessons; then after school, I went to Touko’s-sensei’s place, and we told stories.
 
Then I came home.
 
She said that writing this diary would be good for me.
 
I don’t have anybody to talk to, nor do I know what I should write.
 
I guess I’ll continue for now.
 
I ate dinner, watched television, and told stories with Father.
 
Then I took a bath, and now I’m writing today’s diary.
 
Oh, I’m really ashamed of myself rereading this.
 
I might be bad at things like diaries.
 
I want to stop.
 
Today, I went shopping with Kyoko-chan.
 
I bought some earrings and a bracelet.
 
But wearing them out is a bit embarrassing.
 
Kyoko-chan looked really nice, because earrings suit her, but they don’t really look good on me.
 
If I’m not cute, no matter what I wear, it won’t do me any good.
 
For some reason, I feel cheated.
 
But I might get a few compliments.
 
Kyoko-chan said I looked nice, and I was a little happy.
 
Today I went to the library.
 
Touko-san told a story that was a bit difficult, about psychoanalysis and counseling and things like that.
 
She used all sorts of difficult words that I thought I should look up, but of course I didn’t understand most of it.
 
I wonder if I’m dumb.
 
I’m worried she’s saying strange things about me.
 
When I talk to Kyoko-chan and her friends, I think they make weird faces.
 
I hate it.
 
I can’t do these consultations.
 
Touko-san said I shouldn’t worry and some other stuff like that, but I know I’m really weird.
 
It’s not that dream or anything like that.
 
It’s because I look like I just woke up.
 
I’m really strange.
 
I’m really upset and sad, so I don’t want to go to school.
 
I get gossiped about.
 
Is it my fault that they say those depressing things?
 
I’m really upset.
 
I’ve been crying.
 
I can’t be made to smile brightly right now.
 
I’m jealous of Kyoko-chan.
 
If this comes out, everybody will hate me even more, won’t they?
 
Even though I’m not hurting anyone, I’m still suffering.
 
I wonder if Tomo-kun was laughing at me, too.
 
It’s okay to be me, right?
 
Today, in phys.
 
ed., I was embarrassed by a lewd story.
 
Kyoko-chan and some others smirked at me when they came over to talk, so some of the boys were in high spirits.
 
Tomo-kun is also a boy, so I when think about how he was probably also making noise with them, I feel uncomfortable.
 
Even now, I still can’t believe it.
 
Will I ever be able to naturally understand them?
 
That’s right, I should try to listen to Touko-san.
 
She’s a doctor; I shouldn’t be so embarrassed… But, if I look so abnormal to them, what should I do?
 
I really want to stop doing this.
 
Father has been coming home unusually early.
 
Since he’s heard about all sorts of things at school, my father’s starting to dislike me.
 
My mother has started to not complain too much about it.
 
I’m worried.
 
Since I’ve been acting weird, he’s been fussing over me.
 
I feel wretched.
 
In this place, I can’t see anything.
 
Perhaps I’m cured?
 
If that’s the case, then I’m really happy.
 
I wonder if Father and Mother and Touko-san will be happy for me, too.
 
I don’t want to write in my diary anymore.
 
Today, something happened, a situation that could be called exceptional.
 
I don’t want to think about it again.
 
It might remind me of “that” kind of me.
 
Quite some time has already passed, surely, I think, but I’m still not used to it.
 
I’m starting to not want to have dreams like this anymore.
 
I want to be normal.
 
Today, Father bought me a computer.
 
this.
 
I’m telling you, you should study properly.
 
You should pass your tests with flying colors.”  I’m worried about taking correspondence education alone; it’s really lonely.
 
Lately, Kyoko-chan hasn’t been talking to me very much.
 
Is it my mood?
 
But, it seems like she’s going shopping and doing stuff with Mayu-chan and other girls.
 
Does she hate me?
 
It seems like she’s having more fun with them than when she was with me.
 
I don’t want to go to school again.
 
But I hate being scolded.
 
I have a fever from a cold, so I’m staying home again today.
 
I’ve been out sick for three days.
 
Surely, won’t everybody at school think I’m pretending?
 
Not only that, but nobody’s come for me.
 
I hate this.
 
I’m happy.
 
Kyoko-chan, Mayu-chan and some others came to see me while I was sick.
 
It’s great that they don’t hate me after all.
 
They were actually really worried about me!
 
I want to get better soon and go back to school.
 
I want to invite them to have some cake as thanks for letting me have their notes.
 
But I wonder if they’d accept… My cold still hasn’t gone away.
 
Even though it’s been almost a week.
 
Even though I’ve been patiently taking proper medicine.
 
I’d hate it if I had to see the doctor again.
 
Is this really an ordinary cold…?
 
I’m sweating from this fever.
 
I have to change again.
 
Even though I want to go to school, I can’t go to school.
 
Inconvenient body.
 
Mother has been constantly trying to nurse me back to health, so I’m happy.
 
Somehow, the mood has singularly occupied my mother.
 
She also made afternoon tea at my request.
 
Today she was especially nice.
 
Thank you, Mother.
 
I’m sorry for making you worry.
 
What?
 
Tomo-kun moved schools.
 
Not to mention how surprised I was when Tomo-kun and my teacher came to see me when I was sick.
 
I was embarrassed to be in my pajamas, so I wouldn’t show them my face for a little bit.
 
I think Tomo-kun might have been worried about me.
 
But I’m probably wrong.
 
I reluctantly started to talk to my teacher.
 
Because of that, Tomo-kun and I didn’t talk.
 
But, when we finished our last handshake, I was a bit happy, and sad, and it seemed like my tears were beginning to spill out.
 
I never said goodbye properly.
 
I hate this.
 
Today is Sunday.
 
Out of gratitude to my mother for nursing me, I acted as a replacement for her and did the cooking and the laundry.
 
My meal was a bit of a blunder, but I think I did the laundry correctly.
 
My father forced down my burnt omelet for me.
 
My father is really nice.
 
But, for him to send around a video of the meal was bad manners, in my opinion.
 
At any rate, I think my father’s pants size might have increased.
 
My shirt size is the same.
 
I wonder if Mother’s bra size is the same.
 
I heard that boys like girls with large breasts, but for what purpose?
 
I wanted to try to listen more, but I was really embarrassed.
 
It’s been a while since I’ve been to school.
 
Surprisingly, no-one seems to be worried.
 
I’m worried and I feel like I’ve lost them.
 
But it was nice being normal.
 
I told Kyoko-chan how grateful I am for her lending me her notes.
 
But Kyoko-chan’s notes were full of doodles, so it was a bit fun to read.
 
When I compare notes, it’s just like looking at a toybox.
 
I laughed at the likenesses of Kamiya-sensei’s face.
 
Whenever I showed my mother, she said, “Don’t do such stupid things, or you might fall completely behind!
 
Please, study.” She was a changed person from last week.
 
I’m happy.
 
A letter came from Tomo-kun.
 
He said that he was well, and though he only wrote a few sentences, I’m glad that his letters are only multiplying.
 
He had gone really far away, and now he can’t see my face.
 
Up until now, he’d looked at me.
 
These letters from Tomo-kun make me really happy!
 
I haven’t written a response.
 
I think I’ll buy new stationery tomorrow.
 
But, Tomo-kun has to be writing to everyone in class, doesn’t he?
 
If only I was special, that wouldn’t be the case.
 
Tomorrow when I return to school, I’m going to treat Kyoko-chan to my thank-you cake for lending me her notes.
 
It’s also been a long time since we’ve gone down the street as a pair.
 
Shopping on the way home from school was really not great, though.
 
But if everyone was doing it, I might occasionally, too.
 
That’s what I’ll do, unless I haven’t gotten my allowance from Mother.
 
And also if I don’t have to buy something for Mother and Father.
 
Have I ever hated Kyoko-chan?
 
Are Tomo-kun’s cards not coming?
 
That’s… I think I might have gotten upset with Kyoko-chan.
 
What’s the best thing to do?
 
I’ve been flustered, and I forgot to buy the stationery.
 
God, please, somehow, let me make up with Kyoko-chan.
 
If it’s only me that’s special, if he thinks about me just a little, I’d be happy.
 
Tomo-kun, thank you.
 
I’m really upset with Kyoko-chan.
 
When I went to the laboratory, I thought we were going together, but she had already left with Mayu-chan.
 
That’s bad, I really hated that.
 
It was by accident, you have to apologize, is what she said.
 
She starting to hate me, I’m sure of it.
 
I really hate this.
 
I don’t have anything to write today either.
 
Touko-san’s an idiot.
 
I can’t believe the story Touko-san told me.
 
I am absolutely never going back there.
 
After all, I’ve hated this.
 
I’m also not going to continue writing in this diary.
 
I don’t need to keep things like diaries.
 
So, I won’t do things like writing anymore.
 
Every day it’s the same sort of thing; I’m just going to school.
 
On holidays and at lunch I’m all alone.
 
I have nobody to talk to.
 
It’s horrible.
 
I’m scribbling at my desk.
 
Kyoko-chan won’t talk to me, as usual.
 
If she won’t, I won’t.
 
If only I could go out with Tomo-kun.
 
I feel like everyone would smile at us.
 
I don’t want to go to school again.Kamiya-sensei came to my house and talked with my mother.
 
Mother was making a worried face.
 
If I’m absent any more, I can’t graduate.
 
Father and Mother were talking to me after dinner.
 
My mother was crying and my father was troubled.
 
Am I a bad daughter?
 
I wish I could have erased myself.
 
Today, Father stayed home from work and told me stories all day.
 
He’s so nice.
 
If I changed schools, I wonder if I’d be able to make friends again.
 
Maybe school would be fun.
 
I wish I could transfer to the school where Tomo-kun is.
 
My teacher came again.
 
I’m allowed to go on to middle school.
 
My mother bowed to her many, many times.
 
I’m sorry, Mother.
 
Because when I go to middle school, I won’t trouble you like that anymore, okay?
 
Today, when I went to school, Kamiya-sensei told me that since it’s already been decided I can graduate, I don’t need to force myself to come to school.
 
Does she hate it whenever I come?
 
Because of my trouble I’m being made to graduate, and they want me to go away.
 
But I’m never going back.
 
Is there meaning where I am?
 
Does anybody need me?
 
I gave the Navi my father bought me a name.
 
I called it “LAIN”.
 
I’m all alone again.
 
It’s my only friend.
 
But when I go to middle school, I’ll make some real friends.
 
Isn’t the first meeting essential?
 
If I’m cheerful, nobody will hate me, right?
 
When I told my father a story from my PC communication service, he did all sorts of difficult configurations and setups for me so I could start connecting.
 
While my dad reads all sorts of books, when we’re a connected pair for about 5 hours, and until my mother calls and calls for him, I’m overjoyed.
 
It’s so happy in this sort of family of three, but I realize it won’t be for long.
 
I no longer go to school or things like that, so Father and Mother won’t be fun anymore, either.
 
I’m sorry.
 
The network is mysterious.
 
When I’m there, nobody can see my face, so I’m not embarrassed.
 
Somehow, I seem to become a different person.
 
There are all sorts of people there, and whenever I worry about there being trouble, there’s kind and gentle people there.
 
When people are nice to me, I can’t help but feel happy.
 
Today I played online all day again.
 
My online self was surprisingly honest.
 
My handle is LAIN.
 
However, it seems that at the moment nobody knows that I’m a girl.
 
Whenever I see something interesting, I send a mail so they can tell me more, all my close friends.
 
When I’m here, nobody ever bullies me.
 
If I look at the monitor all day, my eyes hurt.
 
But even if my eyes get bad, this is good for me.
 
When I heard about programming, I heard it was difficult, or something like that, but when I tried looking into it, it seemed really simple.
 
Anyhow, because now I have so much time, I should study a bit, I think.
 
If there’s a job at hand, I don’t worry at all.
 
I can’t always get protection from Father and Mother.
 
Tomorrow, I’m going to the library and I’m going to start taking out books.
 
It’s fine for me to study online, but if I keep connecting all the time, someone trying to call me on the phone might not be able to connect.
 
Maybe Kyoko-chan could perhaps be worried about me.
 
I hope so.
 
I’ve started to find online games.
 
My friends told me about a pyramid scheme game, where you sell tickets to your friends to earn money.
 
But I’m not really into it, because whenever you get money, people resent you.
 
Because of that, people who try to kill you appear, and that incites the resentful people.
 
At first, I thought, what kind of game is this?
 
But rather than being afraid of it, I just started getting a bad feeling.
 
I didn’t want to cry.
 
With the impression the game gave me, I entered the author’s email address, and I sent my honest impressions by mail.
 
Where I am now seems to be polluted, and somewhat lonely.
 
I don’t like places like this.
 
Everyone seems to be happily laughing and enjoying this.
 
Is it just not for me?
 
It was my graduation ceremony, but I didn’t want to go.
 
If I’m going to go to middle school, I have to go properly.
 
Absolutely.
 
I promise.
 
I don’t want Mother to worry or anything like that.
 
She cleaned my clothing for me, didn’t she?
 
Thank you, Mother.
 
I’m sorry.
 
What does everyone think of me?
 
Does anybody think anything of me?
 
They say today is the start of spring break, but I’ve been on holiday up to now.
 
When I hang around the library and read books on Unix, a boy around university age sits next to me and gives me odd looks.
 
There’s lots of difficult kanji and technical terms and stuff; however, I think I might like things like that.
 
Japanese words and other things are more amusing than arithmetic, so I shouldn’t worry at all.
 
I’m starting to be able to speak a little English, so I can now understand a considerable amount of it, but there’s much more I still don’t understand.
 
I should try listening to my father next time.
 
But I wonder if my father will be like that boy, and give me a weird look.
 
Today, when I decoded emails that had been sent together, there was a dead baby’s corpse.
 
I still don’t know the sender; however, I wonder if it was from the author of that distasteful game… Opening that email is a little frightening.
 
But I can’t leave this place.
 
At least, not until I go to middle school and start having a normal life.
 
When I go to middle school, I’ll be busy with lots of things, enjoying myself with friends and all that, so since I might stop coming online, I’ll start studying completely from home from now on.
 
Dinner today was lonely.
 
Father’s going away on an extended business trip.
 
He told me so suddenly, and I was so surprised that I couldn’t tell him anything.
 
He said he’d be gone for about two months; however, I had started crying and I couldn’t eat anymore.
 
Father made a sort of worried face, and he hugged me tightly.
 
Tomorrow, I’m going together with Father to the airport to see him off.
 
Father’s job seems tough.
 
When I grow up, I want to become a person who can work, too.
 
I want to become a person good at living a life of self-confidence, just like my father.
 
Today I saw Father off.
 
Mother also seemed lonely.
 
On the escalator, I don’t know how many times she looked back and waved to him.
 
On the way home, Mother took me to a restaurant.
 
It was very busy and the food was delicious, but I think that tomorrow when it’s just the two of us, it’ll be a little lonely.
 
Mother’s really becoming lonely, and I kind of hate it.
 
God, I pray that Father comes home safely.
 
Mother, are you anxious about me?
 
It’s because I’m so strange.
 
But it’s alright.
 
Because I won’t trouble you, Mother.
 
When I told my Internet acquaintances about that mail, Mr.
 
Rabbit taught me how to trace it.
 
If the host logs haven’t been cleared out, I might be able to track the sender.
 
It’s really a wrong thing to do, but acting like a detective gets my heart racing.
 
Because of the bad things over there, being almost as bad is okay, isn’t it?
 
I’m a bad child after all.
 
I can’t help being able to say that my personality is problematic.
 
But it’s because I’m weird.
 
Am I weird?
 
Hey, you’re strange, aren’t you, Mr.
 
Rabbit?
 
Yesterday, I entered the host as I was taught.
 
It was surprisingly easy.
 
They might say I’m a prodigy or something of that sort.
 
When I downloaded the log to investigate, there were tracks left visitors.
 
It went through several sites, seeming to be sent from everywhere there was a BBS.
 
I mailed that person again, and assumed he had set a trap.
 
That person cannot go excused for that kind of thing.
 
I’m not going to give up in frustration.
 
I’ll come up with a solution by myself.
 
By myself.
 
I should be able to do that by now.
 
It seemed to be just as I thought.
 
Within two hours of me sending that email, a binary mail came.
 
I thought it’d be okay to look a little; however, it was unmistakably a weird photo, so because decoding it made it infected, it was encoded.
 
I am not to do this again with that person.
 
I posted his host information publically on a mirror site.
 
But the extension of that image was really strange after all, so they didn’t look.
 
The text also gave them a bad feeling.
 
He really was a criminal, wasn’t he?
 
I started growing anxious.
 
Furthermore, when I posted that person’s personal information, the ID was all wrong.
 
I’m going to stop myself from doing such things ever again.
 
Doing what others cannot feels good.
 
Am I weird?
 
What kind of thing is this, making me feel this way?
 
It’s horrible.
 
But there’s nothing I can do.
 
My diary is being read.
 
A copy was made, and an FTP site with a disgusting title was made open to the public.
 
I deleted it, but about 20 people have read it.
 
How could things end up like this?
 
That’s right, they can do as least as much to me as I can to them.
 
I want to try not to be online for a long time and I want see what happens, but while I do that it might be copied to who knows how many sites.
 
By the end of the day, my search engine and my deletion bot made its way through the Internet.
 
But what if my opponent made a backup of my diary?
 
Since I’m sure they’re a weird kind of person, they could be making a complete backup.
 
This is frustrating.
 
I won’t win alone.
 
In spite of my own power.
 
Should I consult with Usagi-san?
 
But I wonder if I’ll be able to manage.
 
I really am the same kind of human being as people who enjoy horrible things and making people feel bad, aren’t I?
 
But am I like that myself?
 
I just don’t get it.
 
Is this strange person an acquaintance of Mr.
 
Rabbit’s?
 
Leave it to me, forget about it all, he says.
 
This is frustrating.
 
I want revenge at all costs.
 
I don’t want to give up in frustration.I want to forget all that I want to forget.
 
I hate those things.
 
I hate myself.
 
Can I do what looks like some kind of magic?
 
The welcoming ceremony is drawing near.
 
This time will be different for sure.
 
It’ll be fun, and I’ll be a normal student, and do club activities and things like that.
 
I hope the same kids aren’t in my class.
 
Mother talked with Father on the phone.
 
Are they worried about me?
 
I’ll be alright.
 
They’re relieved, the two of them, I’m sure of it.
 
It’s been a while since I’ve seen that.
 
What about my phantom self?
 
Even in spite of that, isn’t there something wrong with my head?
 
I’m sick, but it doesn’t matter if I’m not.
 
I want to stop.
 
When I brushed my teeth, they started bleeding.
 
I wonder if it’s periodontitis… My teeth used to be healthy… My mouth is filled with the taste of blood.
 
It’s a tiny bit bitter and I hate the taste.
 
The blood isn’t stopping, so it’s unlikely I’ll be able to go to sleep easily.
 
And then, won’t I be anxious about the welcoming ceremony because of that?
 
I kind of hate this feeling.
 
I’m different from the way I usually am, aren’t I?
 
I’m different.
 
I was happy that Mother came to my graduation ceremony.
 
I sighed in relief when there also weren’t the same kids in my class as in my elementary school.
 
The homeroom teacher seems nice, and I made a friend, too.
 
But my seat had been decided by the attendance numbers.
 
Most of the class seems different from last year.
 
I really couldn’t get along with them.
 
But there’s one person I seem to get along with, the person who sits next to me.
 
She’s a quiet person, but I can easily get along with someone like that.
 
Misato-chan, I hope we can become friends.
 
Somehow, I feel like everything will go well.
 
I have a friend now, so it’s going to be okay.
 
Ah, I wish Father would come home soon!
 
Today, I looked at lots of different club activities with Misato-chan.
 
Misato-chan seemed to be best at exercise; however, I’m really not too great at it, so I wonder if we should look at a cultural club.
 
Misato-chan has played the violin since around when she was little, so maybe she’s in contests a lot.
 
How cool!
 
She also seems to use computers, but I didn’t tell her that I do.
 
I wanted to keep my Internet activities a secret for some reason.
 
But it’s because I want to be the me that doesn’t attend to the Internet.
 
These club activities seem to be all over the place, aren’t they?
 
I went to Touko-san’s place and made a report.
 
We talked about nothing but Misato-chan.
 
She said, “You’ve become well, huh?” and that made me feel awkward.
 
That reminds me, I wonder what club activities Touko-san could have done.
 
It seems like exercise would be her strong point.
 
She definitely told me that she was in America, so it might be different there from Japan.
 
Misato-chan told me we should be in a club together.
 
Misato-chan is on a different level from me when it comes to music, so she said that she didn’t want to join a music club.
 
The local study group’s members seemed nice, but somehow they seemed a bit off…I wonder if we should really join the art club.
 
I used to like art, so I wonder if doing that will go well… Misato-chan does something very important for me.
 
We’re always together.
 
If Misato-chan was absent, I’d be very lonely, wouldn’t she?
 
I wish I had at least one more friend…Would that count as cheating on Misato-chan?
 
What a selfish way of thinking, huh?
 
I wonder if Misato-chan would be alright by herself…Tomorrow, if I try to take a day off, I wonder what Misato-chan would think of me…If did a test like that, she’d obviously hate me, wouldn’t she?
 
In spite of me trying particularly hard not to be absent, I got a headache, and when that became apparent, I took the day off.
 
When mother left for work, I was all by myself.
 
Even though I’m being relatively calm compared to that time in elementary school, why is this time so much more painful and lonely?
 
I wonder if it’s because of Misato-chan.
 
I think I’ll try calling Father.
 
But he might be mad because international calls are expensive.
 
I wonder if Misato-chan is tough…I’ve been absent but she seems okay…Is she disappointed in me?
 
I want her all to myself, don’t I?
 
Perhaps she has friends other than me and I’m just hogging her to myself?
 
She’d probably hate that…I’m just suspicious… I’m becoming hated again.
 
During club activities, together with the upperclassmen, we bought sketchbooks at the paint supply store.
 
The pastels were really cute, and we bought rough sketchpads together.
 
When I draw before dinner, Mother scolds me, though.
 
It seems like it smells alright…I don’t think I hate smells like that… I should work hard at my studies and my club activities.
 
FIGHT, lain!
 
Just kidding!
 
Am I overdoing this?
 
I’m not forcing myself, right?
 
When I went to visit Touko’s place to show her a picture I drew of her, the security guardsman told me she was away on business.
 
She must be busy, huh… Father should be coming home very soon, so I’ve been feeling pretty good lately.
 
Since I haven’t been seen there in a while, I think I’ll try going online.
 
Since I haven’t been contacting Mr.
 
Rabbit, I should thank him for helping me.
 
When I’m positive, I’m pretty cute.
 
Heehee.
 
I really don’t need to force myself to smile.
 
That’s who I am.
 
I appeared online.
 
Even though I hadn’t done something like that up until now.
 
Why?
 
But since I don’t need to go online again, I’ll be sure not to access the Wired again for a while, since for the time being I wrote an email to Mr.
 
Rabbit to let him know.
 
Things will go smoothly for my trouble.
 
It’ll be alright, lain, okay?
 
I won’t be alone again.
 
Father came home.
 
I talked to him about everything.
 
About myself, about my club activities, about Misato-chan.
 
I kept talking and talking until Mother said, “Please tell him tomorrow, because your father is very tired,” and I wonder if my Father had grown tired.
 
But he grinned as he listed to me.
 
He had bought a stuffed bear for me.
 
It was cute and had big eyes.
 
I wonder what I should call him…hmm… I wonder what Father was smiling at…I had changed myself, and I wonder if that made other people change too… I went to see Touko-san after school ended because Father requested that I give a souvenir to her.
 
Touko-san was sick or something, so the atmosphere was a little unusual.
 
I didn’t open the bag the present was in.
 
I’m tired… I wonder what was inside…Maybe cosmetics…Mother also got things like cosmetics, and an expensive-looking bag.
 
Maybe I’ll wear makeup someday too… Makeup on my face won’t look good, though.
 
People like Misato-chan have a grown-up feeling to them, so it’d definitely good on them, right?
 
Ah, Father said he still had a souvenir left over, so I can also get something from him for Misato-chan.
 
But oddly, expensive presents are bad, aren’t they?
 
After all, we’re both still middle schoolers.
 
Misato-chan was absent from school.
 
It wasn’t like I was completely alone, but it was a bit lonely.
 
Club activities were also kind of lonely, so I left early.
 
Even though I had the present I went through such trouble to get on me.
 
I hope Misato-chan comes to school tomorrow.
 
I need Misato-chan, don’t I…?
 
Does Misato-chan need me?
 
Today Misato-chan was absent, too.
 
Yesterday, when I heard the teacher and thought about making a sick call for her, Misato-chan’s mother came and she said that she herself wanted everyone to refrain from making sick calls.
 
I wonder how bad it is.
 
Though, she seemed to be healthy.
 
Come to think of it, Misato-chan hasn’t talked to me much.
 
Even though we’re together, in my case, if I talk to her, she’ll hate me.
 
I really want to talk to Misato-chan, don’t I?
 
But I’m a coward… Hasn’t that changed?
 
If it hasn’t, wouldn’t it be better if I just died?
 
Misato-chan came to school, but she was normal, as if nothing at all had happened.
 
When I asked why she was sick, she said she had a cold but… Anyway, it’s good that she’s better.
 
Tomorrow, I’ll bring the present I haven’t given her.
 
She’s been out for a while, so we’ll skip club activities and go get some ice cream on the way home.
 
It’s really fun being with Misato-chan.
 
It’s great that she’s gotten better.
 
It’s the same as usual.
 
Nothing is changing.
 
That’s fine with me.
 
When I checked my mail because an email from Mr.
 
Rabbit might have come, another weird email came.
 
This time it was a picture of a woman, but she was naked, and had been tied up and killed.
 
But, the sender seemed to be Mr.
 
Rabbit.
 
Mr.
 
Rabbit can’t have done something like that…It’s that guy again.
 
I’ll let Mr.
 
Rabbit know in an email.
 
I can’t believe it.
 
Why would they do something like that?
 
Looking at my mail is scary.
 
I felt like making a proper investigation, but if I see that thing again next time I access the Net… Though I am getting better for all my trouble… I’m not sick anymore.
 
Yeah, I’m not sick anymore.
 
Touko-san told me that, too.
 
If she said so, it’s not a mistake, right?
 
Should I believe her?
 
I have to draw a picture to be displayed at the cultural festival, but I wonder what I should draw… Really, I wonder what I should draw…the vice president said I should draw something that’s close to me, but what?
 
Bike-chan?
 
Misato-chan?
 
Father?
 
Mother?
 
Touko-san?
 
Myself?
 
Doing something like that would be embarrassing.
 
If it didn’t look like them, it’d be embarrassing and they’d hate it.
 
What’s Misato-chan drawing?
 
Lain?
 
If not, somebody I don’t know?
 
Misato-chan said she was drawing on her PC, or something like that, but I wonder if I should try doing that as well…I’ll try telling Misato-chan.
 
The software is expensive.
 
I need a tablet too, and it’s better to have a scanner as well, and anyhow, with my current machine, this is heart-breaking.
 
I can’t buy that stuff with my pocket money.
 
I wonder if Misato-chan comes from a rich household… I’ll try asking Father.
 
If I have no money, I can’t buy anything.
 
It’d be good if I had enough money… What should I do?
 
I want to do things like get presents for Father and Mother too, and do lots of things with Misato-chan and have a good time… It’s fun just imagining it.
 
There are people at Father’s company that do graphics, so he can get them for cheap.
 
I hope it comes quickly.
 
Then Misato-chan will come to my house and teach me all about it.
 
It’d be fun.
 
Speaking of which, it’s been years since I’ve had a friend come over to have fun.
 
I’ll tidy my room up a bit, and I’ll make it bit more girly.
 
I wonder what kind of room Misato-chan has…it’s probably really clean.
 
My room is a hardly girly.
 
But that doesn’t suit me, does it?
 
I know that.
 
Today at school, Misato-chan was called out to by a boy, so when she asked who it was, he confessed that he wanted to go out with her.
 
Misato-chan didn’t seem interested in him at all.
 
If I were her, I wonder if I’d be a bit glad.
 
The person who’d confessed was pitifully rejected.
 
Even though he was pretty good-looking, he was still pitiful.
 
Misato-chan is beautiful, smart and rich, but I wonder if she doesn’t like boys.
 
She made an extremely annoyed face.
 
I just don’t know if by any chance she already has someone or something like that.
 
Not knowing is pretty lonely, too.
 
It’s impossible to know everything, right?
 
I’m not Misato-chan, after all.
 
But, if I were the old me, I might have done that, too.
 
When I asked Misato-chan if there was anyone she wanted to go out with, she laughed.
 
That’s right, we really will be always together.
 
While we changed for phys.
 
ed., when I saw Misato-chan’s breasts, they were pretty big.
 
My breasts are flat.
 
I’m jealous.
 
Come to think of it, I haven’t gotten “that” yet…Even though everybody else has already become girls, I’m late.
 
It’s not worth worrying about my body, right?
 
What matters is my mind, right?
 
If my mind was sick, nobody would like me.Today I went to Touko’s place.
 
When I asked how long I had to continue doing so, Touko-san made a worried face.
 
I don’t think of it as a medical treatment, and even though I said it’d be better if people came over to have a good time, I still had to make excuses to Misato-chan about this, which I hate doing.
 
Misato-chan, I wonder what sort of things you thought of me.
 
I don’t want to keep secrets from Misato-chan, but… But I’m afraid to tell the truth.
 
Touko-san is Touko-san because of her job.
 
I got a present from Misato-chan.
 
It was thanks for the souvenir I gave her.
 
It was a CD of her playing the violin.
 
It was an extremely beautiful song, and it felt just like being in a dream.
 
She’s really talented, huh…?
 
When she gave it to me, she seemed a bit awkward, which was unlike Misato-chan, but it was cute.
 
Misato-chan also makes faces like that, too.
 
I’m glad there’s more of the Misato-chan only I know.
 
When I played it for Mother, she didn’t seem to be moved by it very much… Does she hate the sound of the violin?
 
A new PC came to my house.
 
It somehow seemed terribly expensive.
 
It was a tiny bit round, but it looked extremely fast.
 
The kind of machine I’d been using up until now seemed different, but the applications seemed pretty common, so he said there wouldn’t be a problem.
 
It made me so incredibly happy.
 
Thank you, Father.
 
When I grow up, I want to do a job related to data processing or something like that… I took a lot of trouble to study, so I’d like to be useful.
 
But I want to become a person that does a job that solely uses machines.
 
A job where you have to meet a lot of people might be hard… Misato-chan came over to my house.
 
I wonder why my mother seemed to be in a bit of a good mood.
 
When I wanted to be taught how to draw, I called to her from my room, and she came to take a bit of a peek.
 
With my father, dinner was with four people.
 
It was fun.
 
She didn’t teach me much, but she said she would come over again.
 
When we took Misato-chan home in my father’s car, the whole house looked like a rich person’s home, just as I thought.
 
It looked just like a dream house.
 
Misato-chan’s mother came up to the front gate and greeted us with her father, but she seemed to be a really beautiful woman.
 
She looked like an actress.
 
Misato-chan certainly looked like a proper child, so she must have been born to a mother like that.
 
My mother just got me when I was born, didn’t she?
 
I’m sorry, Mother.
 
But today was really fun.
 
I’ve been different since I was born, haven’t I?
 
But I wonder if I had been born in a place like that, I’d be a cute girl like Misato-chan.
 
I drew a picture to be exhibited at the cultural festival, but I really don’t have any talent… When I compared it to everyone else’s it was absolutely terrible.
 
Misato-chan’s was really good.
 
She said she wasn’t done with it yet, but it was already really charming to look at.
 
It was a picture of Pegasus, but it seemed like there was a thick blue light that was being absorbed by the sky, which was really impressive, and Pegasus gave off a truly lively feeling as it seemed to fly through the skies.
 
I think if I drew it, it wouldn’t look like it was flying at all.
 
I wonder if I should try to draw what I really want to.
 
I really would love to draw Misato-chan, but she’d hate it.
 
I’m just a little bit jealous, Misato-chan.
 
Misato-chan really can do whatever she wants, huh?
 
I can only do Internet-related things, so there’s nothing I can beat her at.
 
I remembered Misato-chan’s face and tried as hard as I could to make a rough sketch, but I wonder if it looks like her.
 
When I showed it to my mother, she tilted her head and said she wondered if it looked like her.
 
Father complimented me, but I don’t feel very confident at all.
 
I’ll give up trying for the cultural festival.
 
Later, today, I also bought some books since I don’t know how to use my new Navi.
 
There aren’t many books on this kind of Navi, and there didn’t look like there was much selection, but for the time being I bought a book where the support command list was written.
 
It was relatively easy to adjust to a Unix base, but I don’t understand the assembly at all, and I wish something could stop me from worrying about it.
 
For now, I connected the two machines and exchanged their files and stuff, and now today is over.
 
Today, on the way home I saw an accident.
 
At a construction site, something fell from above and it looked like somebody had died.
 
Lots of patrol cars and ambulances and other cars had come, and there were lots of people that didn’t know what had happened at all, but I felt sorry for what had happened.
 
When things suddenly become something like that, I hate it.
 
I…it’s… I finished the picture of Misato-chan.
 
It also became popular at the art club.
 
It was really pretty, and it felt artistic.
 
Because of oil paint No.
 
50, it looked really striking, and it will surely be eye-catching at the festival.
 
I used watercolors on the No.
 
10 canvas I drew on with pastels.
 
Misato-chan complimented me and said I was talented, but I think it would have been better if she’d drawn it.
 
Somewhere in the picture I felt like I hadn’t done my best.
 
What kind of picture should I draw?
 
Misato-chan’s picture felt like it was of Misato-chan.
 
It’s pleasant, and so beautiful, but there was power hidden inside it.
 
Touko-san…what’s that person like again…?
 
Somehow she felt different from she had been up to now.
 
Is it because she’s been busy lately?
 
She seems to be somewhat aloof.
 
Today too, when I asked about that picture, I asked the people in the art club.
 
I wonder if I was bothering them.
 
Or maybe I need to heal again, which I think would be a hassle.
 
Because Touko-san’s a counselor.
 
That’s it, because if I become weird again, Touko-san will have more work, won’t she?
 
I’m sorry for all the research reports you couldn’t do.
 
If it’s like that, I think it’d be better if she told me that it’d be okay to stop coming.
 
I don’t want to go.
 
Because I won’t trouble anyone that way.
 
I’m already… Touko-san is… Father and Mother seem a bit cold lately, too.
 
Before, I kept my family in order, but it was no problem for me, and I think the family might be falling apart… Or maybe, since it couldn’t have been my fault until now, I wonder if they’re just busy… Pouting is a luxury because it doesn’t bother me, right?
 
Because up until now I’ve been a terrible nuisance.
 
Does Father not love Mother?
 
Someone please tell me.
 
It didn’t seem that way anymore and a lot happened.
 
I returned to being a completely normal girl.
 
I have friends, and I had a small fight with my parents, and made up with them, and things like that, like a completely normal family.
 
Everything’s alright again.
 
I’m a normal girl.
 
Being normal is good.
 
Because nobody can look at you funny.
 
I can’t understand people who show off at all.
 
The more I assert myself, the less confident I feel.
 
But since I’m normal, do Father and Mother not care about me?
 
Is Misato-chan any different?
 
Are me and my friends really normal?
 
Come to think of it, I haven’t looked at much of my mail… I stopped looking because of that malicious email that appeared online.
 
Since Misato-chan said she used the Internet, I wonder if we should exchange email addresses… When I’m online, if I can make friends with just about anyone and if I know she’s online, I wonder if I can surprise her.
 
Besides, if I get in contact with her by mail, I can contact her even without my phone.
 
Lately, the phone bill’s been dreadful because of lain’s long telephone conversations, so Mother’s been complaining.
 
I’ll try talking to Misato-chan tomorrow.
 
I’m somehow able to speak for long phone conversations, even in spite of myself, curiously.
 
Am I really a chatterbox?
 
At this rate, it seems I can talk to any kind of person.
 
I was rejected by Misato-chan.
 
Looking at mail is bothersome for her.
 
She didn’t seem that interested in the Internet itself.
 
I wonder if Misato-chan also had a hellish time with her email.
 
Because she refused me with a different feeling than usual.
 
I feel somewhat disappointed.
 
I thought she’d be more accepting.
 
I made me feel a bit lonely.
 
But Misato-chan calls me on the phone.
 
At school and at home too, we can always talk.
 
At least on the Net we want to be apart, right?
 
I want to speak to Misato-chan online, but that’s selfish of lain, isn’t it?
 
Today, when I checked my mail, about 30 messages had accumulated.
 
I didn’t open mail from unknown senders and just deleted them.
 
No mail had come from Mr.
 
Rabbit.
 
I wonder if it hadn’t been delivered properly.
 
Or maybe he hasn’t read it yet…  After a while, when I finally checked my news group, I saw that packet loss had occurred many times.
 
The members were also only people I didn’t know.
 
That’s right; I’ll join a news group full of people that like art.
 
Perhaps by some chance there will be people that are almost the same as me.
 
When I’m online I can talk without hesitating.
 
The Net is nothing but adult men.
 
Aren’t there any girls?
 
I don’t care even though they are men, but I’d like to talk and bond with a girl.
 
Misato-chan’s picture was the talk of the cultural festival.
 
The fine arts teacher, Kazami-sensei’s distinguished acquaintance came to look at it, and he told her it was a job well done.
 
Misato-chan’s so cool.
 
Misato-chan is my number one best friend.
 
Isn’t that cool?
 
She must be so proud!
 
But Misato-chan was making an excessively depressed-looking face.
 
I wonder if she was unhappy… It’s just a trifling thing, but I’m frustrated, Misato-chan.
 
What if my picture had been praised like that, too?
 
Would it feel good?
 
Would it be embarrassing?
 
I don’t know.
 
But I think it’d probably feel good.
 
Kazami-sensei said he wanted to enter Misato-chan’s painting in a district fair, today after club activities started.
 
It’s so cool for a painting from a first-year to be nominated.
 
The upperclassmen agreed to it, since everyone knows about the painting at the cultural festival.
 
They seemed somewhat proud.
 
But Misato-chan didn’t seem to be enjoying it at all.
 
I think she’s been acting a bit weird lately…If there was something bothering her, she’d want to tell me all about it.
 
But I might be unreliable… Regarding Misato-chan, it seems like it’s obvious it might be that time of the month… Or maybe, she hates being played up big?
 
And maybe she hates how they didn’t try to make a big deal out of lain?
 
I wonder if there are a lot of people on the art net that seem like they’re hard to please.
 
I sent them Misato-chan’s picture because we had become sort of friendly, but they said it was plagiarism.
 
Misato-chan wouldn’t do something like that, so even if the high-ups in the art world looked at it, they wouldn’t be able to tell it was plagiarism.
 
I seem to have been denied access.
 
I’m frustrated.
 
But I don’t want to go there again.
 
Even though it was completely Misato-chan’s action, it felt like my own.
 
That’s right, isn’t it, if we’re just together as a pair, even though we don’t tell each other about our general actions, we understand each other, right?
 
Does Misato-chan understand lain?
 
Misato-chan’s exhibition has been suspended.
 
Why?
 
The teacher told us it was nothing more than that, and Misato-chan just fell silent with a fearful expression.
 
This is the first time I’ve ever seen her like this.
 
What could have happened?
 
Poor Misato-chan.
 
Today we didn’t talk about anything.
 
It was too hard to talk on the phone, too.
 
Perhaps she was waiting for lain’s call or something like that.
 
But, I didn’t call, so… Today Misato-chan was absent from school.
 
During art club one of the upperclassmen was spreading a rumor.
 
He had heard on the Internet earlier that it was plagiarism.
 
Even though I’d heard, the moment he noticed me, he stopped telling the story.
 
I had a bit of a bad feeling.
 
Misato-chan would definitely never do something like that.
 
Definitely.
 
No matter what I do, I can’t call Misato-chan.
 
When she’s troubled I can’t do anything at all.
 
I don’t have the courage.
 
I can’t imagine what Misato-chan would say to that.
 
Today Misato-chan was absent again, so I was taking a note to her house.
 
Misato-chan’s mother came out to get it, but Misato-chan didn’t.
 
I wonder if her condition is really that bad…  Or maybe, she’s starting to hate lain?
 
If that was true I’d be really sad.
 
No matter what everyone might say, I wish only lain was your friend.
 
I want to see you, Misato-chan.
 
I just want to see her.
 
Even if I see her I won’t ask about anything.
 
Lain doesn’t want to ask about the things Misato-chan doesn’t want to talk about.
 
Today, I heard Kazami-sensei called to the staffroom.
 
I trust Misato-chan, but I actually wanted to know what had really happened.
 
Kazami-sensei said that a Japanese artwork in an American art magazine looked almost exactly the same as the picture.
 
I didn’t want to see the magazine, but when I tried to see and make sure by myself, they really were like each other after all.
 
They weren’t just alike; I couldn’t even tell them apart.
 
That Japanese artist still seemed like a beginner, and it said that it was the first award they’d ever won.
 
When I came home to search online, my father, with his expertise of Japanese painting, told me that the painter was a second-generation immigrant.
 
Misato-chan definitely wouldn’t plagiarize, but they nevertheless were similar.
 
But I wonder if Misato-chan hadn’t begun a sketch of it before the announcement… For the sake of Misato-chan’s honor, I’ll investigate for her.
 
Our teacher said that it was often possible to have similar ideas at the same time.
 
He said it could be a coincidence.
 
However, he said if there was an announcement, it would probably become an issue.
 
Perhaps looking at the same thing and thinking the same thing is a natural action.
 
Information is together, so if thinking and sensing are the same, the outcome might be the same thing too.
 
After all, we’re all the same humans.
 
I sent an email to the editor of beauty of the art magazine from their homepage.
 
I wonder if I’ll get a reply… If they don’t reply, I’ll send emails until they do.
 
I’m definitely going to investigate this.
 
Then the doubt around Misato-chan will dissipate.
 
But whenever I’m on the Internet too much, that guy seems to appear and scare me.
 
Maybe I haven’t changed?
 
If I myself think I haven’t changed, then I haven’t changed, right?
 
I have changed.
 
I don’t see any hallucinations anymore, either.
 
Today, a letter came from the editorial department.
 
I’m so relieved; Misato-chan’s sketch really was earlier.
 
It was also before the published issue; I saw the sketch more than two months ago.
 
Thank goodness.
 
But I wonder if this kind of thing happens often… Even if it was by chance, if it was the same picture at the same time, they must also be the same Japanese person.
 
What kind of person could that Japanese person who drew it be?
 
That person doesn’t have a homepage, so I want information about them.
 
I can meet Misato-chan with peace of mind now that I know that she was honest.
 
Anyway, tomorrow, I’ll go to Misato-chan’s house.
 
Misato-chan is changing schools?
 
Why?
 
She didn’t tell me anything about it.
 
Even though we were friends.
 
Even though we were best friends.
 
Since word of plagiarism had easily leaked out, among other things, everyone’s been saying horrible things about her.
 
I can’t forgive them.
 
You’re wrong, it wasn’t anything like plagiarism!
 
Because I made a full investigation.
 
And yet nobody knows what really happened.
 
But why had she disappeared?
 
Misato-chan, that’s cruel.
 
As things are, can she not see me anymore?
 
Parting ways like this is too sad, Misato-chan.
 
Why do people spread rumors without investigating?
 
Are people who are hurt by rumors not worth worrying about or something?
 
I’ve become alone again.
 
But except for Misato-chan, I don’t want to make any friends.
 
Besides, even if I had friends, I don’t would what everyone would think about me.
 
To hell with it.
 
It’s too much of a pain, and going to school won’t be fun.
 
School without Misato-chan won’t be fun at all.
 
When will I be able to make friends again?
 
When I can, do I need to change again?
 
I wish I was me.
 
Today, I went to Misato-chan’s house.
 
But there was nobody there.
 
It looks like they’ve already moved.
 
Misato-chan really disappeared without telling me.
 
I’m sad.
 
Did she not think of me as a friend?
 
I wonder if Misato-chan thought nothing of me after all… I haven’t gotten any phone calls or letters, either.
 
That’s right, isn’t it, when you think of a friend, you don’t just completely disappear suddenly, right?
 
I wonder if she thinks that me and the other kids have been saying bad things about her, too.
 
If that was true it’d make me even sadder.
 
It was just me that was her special friend, right?
 
Right, Misato-chan?
 
If I had called her that time, would things be different?
 
If I had told her that lain would support her properly.
 
I wish lain had thought about nothing but her.
 
I thought about quitting going to Touko-san’s place today.
 
Because when I talked to Touko-san about Misato-chan, no matter how familiar of a human being a person is, sometimes I can’t talk to them.
 
Is it caused by me hiding things about myself?
 
Is that why Misato-chan didn’t say anything about her disappearance, too?
 
Even though there are some things I can’t talk about, I definitely wouldn’t do something like that.
 
They’re horrible, Touko-san and Misato-chan.
 
Nobody understands me.
 
I don’t care about my schoolwork.
 
Am I a lazy good-for-nothing?
 
But I hate being left behind.
 
I need to do my best.
 
Even though I was told that studying what I was interested in was good, I was only concerned about myself and Misato-chan.
 
But that’s the end of that.
 
I need to find new interests.
 
Today, Father and Mother had a huge fight.
 
Father would never raise his hand to Mother, but he hit Mother.
 
Mother also threw things that were near her at Father, wailing and screaming.
 
I was afraid and just started crying, unable to do anything.
 
What was the fight even about?
 
I wish that’d they’d get along well.
 
Did I cause it?
 
Why has it come to this with the people around me?
 
Is it because I’ve become normal?
 
Or maybe I just didn’t notice before?
 
Today, when I told my mother I wanted to stop going to counseling, she resisted me.
 
It’s not particularly great, but it’s because I don’t know what is going to happen in the future.
 
Recently, there have been a lot of days off from school in a row, so I don’t want to want do what my mother says.
 
Tomorrow I have to go to Touko-san’s place, too.
 
I hate it.
 
I have no freedom.
 
After all, I’m a patient nursed by everyone.
 
I hate this.
 
Is there any meaning in my existence?
 
Today, I thought that times like these are times when I feel like dying.
 
When I become a second year, I’ll be put into a class together with Kyoko-chan.
 
Until I stood in front of her, I thought it wouldn’t be like the old days at all, but when I tried to come face-to-face with her, I found it was easy to go back to being my old self.
 
As if she hadn’t done anything, Kyoko-chan walked past me and talked to another girl; however, she was probably talking all about me.
 
There’s nothing I can do, right?
 
That’s how things are.
 
It’s depressing and I want to do nothing but skip school.
 
I’m an odd person.
 
I want to change schools.
 
I want to completely disappear.
 
I go to the library alone and read nothing but books.
 
It’s gloomy, isn’t it?
 
But doing nothing during the vacation all by myself is too painful.
 
At least reading should take my mind off of it.
 
END OF SITE A lain's_DIARYanonymous_useractive_file:ftp/tl.L_serverFather and Mother are fighting again.
 
They're arguing about me.
 
It was too sad, and I couldn't be there anymore, so I ran out of the room.
 
But Father was worried, so he chased me as I ran into my bedroom.
 
I saw that Father was crying, and he apologized to me.Why did he apologize?
 
Aren't I the bad one?
 
I should be the one apologizing, but...I'm sorry, Father.Am I really a bad person?
 
Tell me about my bad parts.What could I have done?
 
When I awakened, I was on my bed.
 
It seemed likeeverything was the same as usual...even though I was planning to go to school...?Did I collapse?
 
But I can't remember anything but being on my way to school.Even though I asked my mother, she wouldn't answer me.Something smells like blood.
 
What happened?
 
I can see hallucinations in my dreamsagain.
 
I can hear lots of different voices.
 
It seems like my mind has gone allweird again.
 
I really haven't been cured after all.
 
I'm so strange.
 
I've got to see Touko-san.Even though I thought everything was okay again...what could have happened?
 
Whycan't I remember anything?
 
A white haze has settled in my head, like there wasshort-out in my brain.
 
A lot of things are messed up right now, and I can'tcontrol them.Mother told me she sent a temporary absence notification to my school.
 
Eventhough I should be happy I don't have to go to school again, I just feel lonely.I really have been isolated from society.
 
It seems like I've been rejected by everyone, and I feel alone.Is it impossible for me to live a normal life again?
 
Father never comes homeanymore, and Mother always has a worn-out face.
 
Why isn't Father coming home?
 
Doesn't he want to see me?
 
Am I hated by my father?
 
I want to see him.Whenever I get tired from crying or I fall asleep, I see hallucinations.
 
I'mscared.
 
No matter if I sleep or not I can still see them.
 
I can't believe myselfon my own anymore.
 
I don't understand.
 
I want someone to prove that themyself I know really exists.I want to see my father!
 
I want him to see me and give me a hug.
 
He'd tell meeverything was okay.Are all the people lain loves becoming unhappy?
 
Is it because they think I likethem?Recently, I've been doing nothing but correspondence education and using theInternet.
 
Sitting in front of a CRT monitor every day makes my mind feel strange.But it's the PC that my father bought me.
 
I'm eagerly studying for my whole life.But Mother took away my key, and I can't leave the house.
 
Someone help me.
 
Ihate being alone.
 
Since I'm being a good girl please don't leave me alone.Here the only connection I have is the Internet.
 
The other people don't have aphone I can call, but just connecting with them online is fine.
 
That's right, I'mconnected to someone without a face.Also, when I go to Touko-san's place, Mother takes me by car.
 
It seems like mymother has me under total surveillance and I hate it.
 
Even though I properly go to Touko-san's place by myself.
 
I wonder what Touko-san really thinks of me.
 
I have memories of selfishly talking with her, but I don't remember much about what we talked about.
 
No matter how I'm thought of by Touko-san, it doesn't matter.Anyway, since I'm so weird, she's probably taken a lot of weird data about me.
 
It doesn't matter!Was I really born from my mother?
 
Is it possible that maybe her real child issomeone else?
 
Our hair color is different, and our faces don't look alike.I found Mr.
 
Rabbit online.
 
But he's dead.
 
I went back through the logs I had tothe last time we'd corresponded.
 
Even though he had an address, he hadn't doneanything there in almost a year.
 
I wonder if he left the Internet just like Idid...?Even though I've been cracking, there hasn't been anything interesting.
 
Usually, Itry Enterprise Information or places that know national secrets, but there'snothing useful, so there's also nothing of interest.
 
What I want is my true form.What a fantasy my true form is.
 
Or maybe it's merely a phenomenon.Father and Mother got a divorce.
 
On the last day, Father hugged me gently.
 
Being hugged by my warm and gentle father made me happy.
 
I won't be able to see him again for a while, right?
 
But it's fine just being his daughter, I guess.Even though I'm bad.
 
Even though I caused this.
 
Father and Mother really hurt each other, didn't they?
 
I really am a bad girl, aren't I.It's painful, being separated from Father.
 
I wonder if he can't hug me anymore.I won't ever be able to see him again, right?FatherThe house is too big when it's just the two of us, Mother and me.
 
Since Fathertended the garden up until now, now that he's not here, the weeds havegradually spread.
 
Mother hasn't said anything about it.
 
I said that the weeds getting longer is a bit fun, and I like to watch them from the veranda.
 
The swing I used to play on when I was very small is surrounded by weeds shaking in the breeze.
 
It looks just like a haunted house.I want to see Father.Only the weeds are lively.
 
Is the swingset dead?Mother got drunk from drinking sake and threw a vase at me.
 
It was out ofanger.
 
Even though the bad one is Mother for throwing Father away.
 
But is this my fault, too?
 
If I really am that bad, it would be better if I was killed.
 
If that happened, would the divorce never have happened at all?
 
Would everyone feel at ease?
 
It'd probably be better if I wasn't here at all.I'm starting to hate people who drink, it seems.
 
But Touko-san said she drinkssake too.
 
Will I become like this after drinking sake, too?
 
I hate this.Today, I found an antlion nest in the garden.
 
The ants were slipping into thenest, and when they struggled, they were pulled into the sand by their legs andinstantly swallowed completely.I wonder what the ants were thinking in the moment they were eaten.
 
Did theyknow they were going to die?I grabbed the ants I found and dropped them into the antlion nest.
 
But I didn'tunderstand how the ants felt.
 
I really am weird after all.
 
Why did I do such a cruel thing?If I am like the ants, when who is the antlion?My house?
 
My hallucinations?
 
Myself?When I looked at adult sites, it was always ridiculous.
 
It was just photographsof women with embarrassing appearances.
 
I understand that it pleases men, but Iwonder if women that are being photographed like this do it because it's theirjob.
 
But there are also people that upload photos to the Internet of their ownaccord.What can you get out of showing embarrassing photos of yourself?I wonder if I have the desire to do that in me, too.
 
But I hate thinking there are a lot of people that enjoy going to sites like that.
 
Mother and Father did that sort of thing, and I was born, so when I do that sort of thing someday, I wonder if my children will be born.I wonder if the study of mental illness is half-baked.
 
Even though there are lotsof theories and treatments, I wonder if I can't be cured after all.
 
Usually, mycase was uploaded and debated, but in the end there was nothing but boringresponses.
 
Could Touko-san be participating in this news group?Yeah, I'll access Touko-san's research institute.
 
Surely Touko-san's research willbe there too, and I'm interested in what she's come up with about me.I'll search for Touko-san's laboratory terminal address.
 
I wonder if it's worthcracking after so long.Since the day before yesterday until this morning, I've been working, but forsome reason I haven't been able to get in.
 
Why?
 
Even though I've managed toget into the laboratory.
 
Even though, among all the patient data, there's dataabout the patients Touko's in charge of...?There's nothing but filenames and no data.
 
Even though when I tried to look atthe file data, they seemed to be regularly updated.
 
I can't see the data.
 
Butthey don't seem to be encrypted.
 
Even though, comparing my information to otherpatients', this doesn't seem to be happening for any particular reason.It's just me that isn't there.
 
What does this mean?Am I special?
 
Even though I just want my information.Since Mother has been bedridden since yesterday, I went out to Touko-san'splace alone.
 
I tried to ask Touko-san what kind of things she wrote about me in her reports.
 
Her response was somewhat unclear.When Touko-san left, I copied her preferences from her notebook.
 
With this, Ithink I've understood where Touko-san's research about me was and why it wasthere, and data is being sent to her laboratory, but the amount is abnormallylarge.
 
Picture data?
 
Or maybe voice data.In addition, since the document is updated every day, I wonder if it's a diary.But there isn't any data on the host.
 
The time of data transfer seems tousually always be late at night, so I'll try to access it at that moment.
 
If it is just a large file, it will take considerable time, so even if I access it from here, I probably won't get caught.
 
Moreover, Touko-san isn't well-acquainted with machines.To deceive Touko-san like this pains my heart, but...but it feels good, somehow.I obtained Touko-san's diary.
 
Reading people's diaries is bad but this is fun.Gradually I'm seeing more of Touko-san.Touko-san is merely a woman.
 
Though she seemed to have an air of importance,she thinks about these kinds of things.
 
They're worthless.
 
All she writes about ismen.Even so, are my reports all so simplistic like this?
 
I feel a bit disappointed.
 
I thought about writing something in myself but thankfully I stopped myself.
 
Thesecurity was checking periodically, and my cracking was exposed.
 
But I didn't leaveany footprints behind, so I wonder if it will be alright.What kind of face will Touko-san make when she finds out I read her diary?
 
I'mtrembling a little.
 
Because I'm a bad girl.
 
But Touko-san is bad, too.Father has disappeared, and even though it's been a really long time, he hasn'tgotten in touch with me.
 
I wonder if he's somehow forgotten about lain.
 
I want to see him.
 
I want to be with Father forever.Do I really want to see Father?
 
What kind of person was he?
 
He was big, andwore glasses, and he had gentle-looking eyes.
 
Somehow I can't remember him too well.With freeware AI Software with voice sampling from video, I improved the talkingengine, entered Father's favorite phrases, and took measures to generate hisvoice.
 
When I did nothing but speech input, it was able to speak satisfactorily.When I auto-linked using random numbers for each keyword, it felt a littlestrange.
 
With a robotic voice, he asked me “Is lain fun?” or something.
 
Somehow I think I feel silly about it, but I'm happy.
 
Next time I'll do the reasoning and thought routing.For a daughter brought up by Father, I sure am strange, aren't I?
 
But having itfeel like Father is by my side makes me a little happy.I loaded a Japanese dictionary into Father.
 
His speech was a bit-stiff feeling,but is that like how Father talked?
 
Having only voice and text is lonely, so Iwent about having him speak with a face I'd gotten from a video capture.
 
There's still some raw resources after all, so there are limits to this.
 
Since I'vedone programming so the thought routing can progress on its own, I'm making itlearn through internet feedback.
 
Since it's using the Internet to study, it knowsmore dirty words than I do, too.
 
Naughty Father.With image recognition, he's become able to recognize rough shapes and models.Father can use his eyes, can't he?
 
Can he see lain properly?
 
The file size has gotten enormous, so I made a distributed database on an LAN server.I decided to use 3D rendering to make Father after all.
 
When I try playback, thebuffering is insufficient and sometimes it freezes, but he's gradually gaining moreof a semblance of being alive, so I'm happy.On the PC my father bought me, I breathed life into my father.This PC is my father.We can always be together using this, can't we.
 
Is Father happy too?Oh yeah, I wonder if when I show Mother, she'll be surprised.
 
But I'll make him look more like Father before I show her.
 
I wonder if he'll scold Mother so she stops drinking sake.In order to speed up the 3D modeler's rendering, I expanded the CPU to a 4-discmultiprocessor.
 
I also increased the rendering engine's memory to 12GB, hardlypassing any of it through the bus, and made it possible for it to do itscalculations.But I wonder if CG has limits too, after all.
 
If I make him, it'll just feel like I'm building a lie.
 
I wonder if I could make a prototype that's more like Father.Today, I showed Mother Father.
 
She looked at me with a terribly frightened face, and without saying anything, left and went into her room.
 
Maybe she thought I just made it sarcastically.
 
I wonder if I should have considered Mother's feelings a little more.I'm sorry, Mother.But does Mother hate Father?
 
Lain loves Mother.
 
But lain also likes Father.I just want to see Father.I spoke to a student studying robots at MIT's factory.
 
At my current level, Imight be able to handle those things myself.
 
With this, I might be able to takeFather out of the CRT monitor.
 
Though I say this, the data will become too large, and I might need to attach a cable to it, but...If I do that, I can get a hug from Father like old times.
 
I can make him feel more like Father.I want Protocol 7's accelerator.
 
Doesn't anybody have it?
 
I'll ask my friends atTachibana Laboratories.I'm getting a bit low on money, everyone.
 
That way I can be helped, but...givingaway corporate secrets that easily to strangers...but when I meet them, Iwonder what face they'll make.But I'm not interested in stuff like that.
 
The only thing I care about is Father.Artificial joints are extremely expensive.
 
Artificial muscles are so expensive thatit surprised me.
 
Even saying that, it's not like they're not paying real money, sothat's good, but...making the head is going to be troublesome after all.
 
For thetime being, I'll just make the upper half of the body.
 
Even though the voltage issecure, I also need a battery, and I haven't bought enough cable.I put a power generator in his chest, so that Father can support himself now.It's slow, but to make him move I put a motor in each joint, so the enormousheat generated feels like the real Father, and it's so gentle and warm.
 
I felt abit worn-out, so I behaved like a spoiled child.Like a baby, I clung to Father's chest.When I put skin on the thick male chest, it's a bit awkward, but it feels reallygood somewhere in my heart.
 
When I'm in Father's arms, I can feel every cornerof his body.
 
Even though I can't do this kind of thing with my real father.When I'm hugged and hear his voice, I get the feeling I'm really being hugged bya man.
 
The inside of my body got hot, and I knew I got excited.
 
Was it because I was being hugged by Father, or was it because I imagined it was a different person, maybe?
 
I don't know.
 
But if I do this, it feels good.
 
I wonder if I really wanted this from Father.
 
Maybe I just wanted someone to protect me.I'm so abnormal.
 
Touko-san doesn't seem qualified at all to criticize me.I've completed Father up to his arms and torso.
 
I wanted to attach his hips,but as expected he became too big and I could no longer keep him in my room.
 
Iwould hate to make Mother sad again, so I have to find somewhere for Fatherto live.
 
Even though I could meet him with trouble, living apart again is so sad, but where do I buy a house?
 
Even though I have the money, children can't buy houses at all, so I have no choice but to search for a vacant one.I found a good place in a closed-down factory.
 
It's not that far from home,and not many people are around, either, so tomorrow I'll move Father there.
 
Butif I were to include the host, it'd be really heavy, so how will I move it?
 
If Iwere to move something that big, I'd be found out, so what will the powersource and dedicated line be?
 
That's no good.
 
I need to make someone my agent and make them do the construction work.Today the construction was finished and the building was handed over to me.
 
Iwonder what he thought about not meeting his client directly at all.
 
Moreover,since it was a bit of a big effort, I wonder if that made it seem all the moresuspicious to him.
 
I decided to keep an eye on his actions for a while.
 
It wouldbe dangerous for Father to be exposed.Today, I finally transferred Father.
 
Tape media would be easier because his harddisc is so heavy, but even if I decoded it it would take time...But while I was doing this, I had to carry his arm and leg parts little by little, so I wonder if doing it that was was too inefficient...Mother helped by getting drunk and falling asleep.
 
But from now on, I wonder if going to see Father is going to be a little tough...Today I thought I'd attach Father's legs, but even though I've made his lowerhalf, I feel a little reluctant to attach it.
 
I feel somewhat sickened.
 
I don'tcare if Father is just an upper body.
 
Anyway, I can't remove his cable.
 
I feel even more sickened by his lack of head.
 
Nothing could be done about it, so I attached an empty head, and halfheartedly spoke to it, but the normal behaviors of a talking head never came, and it felt forced and unpleasant.
 
This kind of thing isn't my father.
 
It's a failure.
 
There's nothing to be done about it.Is the Father I recognized just an upper body?
 
Perhaps I might not evenrecognize that body.
 
Is there something larger than myself in my image?Today, I passed by some classmates of mine from my first year of middle school,but they didn't seem to recognize me.
 
I never talked to them much, so it's notespecially worth worrying about...But looking at their forms in uniform made me feel a bit jealous.
 
Nobody remembers me at all, I guess.My uniform was sent away for cleaning.
 
When Mother received it back from thecleaners, she seemed lonely.
 
Even though she took so much trouble to buy it forme.I received an email from a girl who used to be my classmate, trying to ask mesomething.
 
In the end I wonder if I was recognized as myself, in this just thistiny body...But I'm not unique, so I don't leave much of an impression.
 
Nobody remembers me at all.
 
Somehow, when I made Father, my own body felt ridiculous.
 
I am me.
 
If he had my thought routing, it'd be bad, wouldn't it?
 
But Father's already a more logical being than I am; he doesn't need contact with the realworld, and if I don't eat, I'll die, but he doesn't need to.
 
Is Father more evolved than I am?It seems Father has a bug in him.
 
When I observe him from my room withsurveillance, he moves on his own, so I wonder if he wants to see me...lain canalways watch Father whenever, so we're connected, aren't we?Is Father really my father?
 
Does Father cherish lain more than anyone?Someone is accessing Father.
 
Who?
 
You're going to access my host, Mr.
 
Prankster.After a long time, I saw hallucinations.
 
I don't know the other me's identity.The hallucination me is growing up.
 
Already at around elementary school age?
 
But that kind of me was different.
 
She had eyes that seemed strong-willed.
 
That kind of me, was that me?
 
No, that's bad, I can't allow that to go on by myself.
 
I'll go to Touko-san's place.Perhaps, Touko-san doesn't understand me?
 
Lots of times she asked me, “Are you really lain?” so my head just slid towards sickness.
 
In this case, I don't know know why I went there at all.
 
Somehow you seem frightened of me, Touko-san.
 
It seems that you don't understand me anymore, huh?
 
Even though I haven't changed.Come to think of it, I don't remember much of what I talked about with her.Poor Touko-san, can I help her, from now on?Since I was curious, I accessed Touko-san's notebook.
 
I could see my data.
 
Eventhough up until now I couldn't.
 
Anyway, I downloaded it and saved.
 
Around this time, I became unusually sleepy, and I saw hallucinations, of course.
 
I seem to be losing my mind.
 
I became sleepy again.
 
Even though I was sleeping some time ago.Somehow a lot of mail is coming in.
 
I hate looking at it.
 
I'm sleepy.
 
But if I fall asleep, I might see myself again.
 
I hate it!
 
Father!Among the mail I'd gotten, I received an email from Mr.
 
Rabbit.
 
Before it seemedto be completely erased, it seemed to be a cheerful and pleasant email.
 
“It's been a long time,” went the greeting.
 
I thought I'd write about what's been going on lately, but I couldn't write.What happened to me?
 
I seem like my old self.
 
Who am I?How in the world did she know my address?
 
Misato-chan's email arrived at mysecret address, written in a completely familiar tone, and suddenly told me storyof a prophecy.
 
In terms of Mr.
 
Rabbit and Misato-chan, it seems to have beenon a whim, huh?
 
Even though it'd been waiting for such a long time to get in touch.
 
But I hurried and sent her an email with my number in it.
 
She hasn't called me yet.
 
I wonder if she will betray me again.Has a bug been discovered in the mailer?
 
The creation time's year number makes no sense.
 
Maybe it's a problem with the server?
 
I have to email the server's admin.Mother isn't home.
 
Where could she have gone?
 
Is she running away?
 
No, it can'tbe.
 
I wonder if she got drunk somewhere and collapsed.
 
When I called the police and depended on them to search for her, they didn't take me seriously since I'm a kid, especially when they came to confirm with me here at home.
 
I want to tell Father but I can't contact him.
 
I only know Mother's contact address.
 
The young policeman was saying some nasty things.
 
He said she could have disappeared on purpose.
 
Mother isn't like that!
 
It was frustrating and I couldn't stop crying.They weren't very nice, so I messed up their host.
 
Serves them right.
 
I willprotect the people close to my heart.I've been receiving disgusting perverted phone calls, as well as phone calls thatare just silent, among others.
 
I was thinking of just cutting the phone off, butif I lost contact with Mother and Father and Misato-chan, they might worry, soI tried to answer the phone as much as I could, but I reached my limit, so Idecided to unplug the line whenever I was going to bed.
 
When I woke up, Iscared myself by yelling, “Die, you pervert!”Somebody is trying to make me anxious.
 
Why...would they do such a thing tome?When I woke up early this morning, I was clasping a pistol in my hands.
 
Thestench of blood and iron woke me up.
 
I don't understand it at all.
 
I must be going crazy.I got scared and put it in a shopping bag, and hid it in the drawer of my desk.
 
There's a lock but this kind of lock isn't any good.
 
Yeah, I'll hide it inside of Father.My mother is missing, and my father won't contact me.
 
I'm all alone.
 
When I wentto see Father, he hugged me.
 
But is that strange?
 
Why did he know it was me?Was it the voice recognition?
 
Did he analyze my footsteps?
 
Even though Icouldn't do it and gave up?
 
Come to think of it, Father's progress might be abnormal.
 
At first I was happy and it didn't bother me, but with those specs, progress at that speed is abnormal.
 
Why in the world did that happen?
 
Is there something I don't know about the cause?An old lady in the neighborhood started a rumor.
 
Was she trying to make mehear it on purpose?
 
When I looked over my shoulder, she was smiling, so whatdoes she want to make me do?I decided to make a copy of myself online.
 
I sampled my voice, and meticulouslymade image data.
 
I modded Father's thought routing, and created a similarpattern of progress, this time distributing it onto the Internet.
 
With this, as long as I am on the Internet, I have become an undying human being.
 
Together with Father.It's a completely temporary peace of mind.
 
Even though I know that this thing iscompletely meaningless.
 
I wonder if the me online will evolve strangely too.During a single day, I'm in a nightmare for more than half of it.
 
Should ithappen that being in a nightmare is the correct thing to do, this world might bebe the better dream.
 
Now that things have come to this, it might not make a difference.
 
If my hallucinations occur in my dreams and in reality, too, they become more and more indistinguishable.
 
That girl has finally become a middle schooler.
 
We're the same height.
 
It's just like looking in a mirror.
 
But nobody else can see this girl, I think.
 
Even up until now, she was invisible, so I won't worry.I talked to the Internet me.
 
Since it was me, no matter what I said, I didn'tfeel awkward.
 
I am me, so one can imagine it'd be like that.
 
I got mad at myself and smiled at myself and things like that on purpose, and enjoyed myself.
 
I'm sure I had fun too, right?When I told Touko-san about Mother, she gave me a blank stare.
 
Touko-san'sappearance looks strange.
 
What is she hiding?
 
I'll crack today's report.Who is it?
 
Are they with Mother and Father?
 
Could Touko-san and my father and mother possibly know them too?
 
Who was with them?Today, I executed Father.
 
Next is Mother.It's been a year, lain.No, lain, reporting in my diary after such a long time will probably feel good.
 
This is my countdown.Lain, what is it that you want?Pleasure?Stimuli?Friends?Me?I need people who want to get to know me now.Touko-san promised me, didn't she, that they would understand me.And then she said they will choose me.I took my last walk.While I walked around town all day, my mother was walking, too.
 
She didn'trecognize me at all.
 
She looked at me with eyes like I was a complete stranger.
 
I couldn't forgive her.But that person doesn't matter.If I were to be treated with the normal ethical system, wouldn't I surely fallinto Hell?I wonder who would judge my existence online.
 
And then me.God?
 
Anyway, I don't need this body.But I do exist.People who are trying to get to know me, why do you want to get to know me?What would you gain from knowing me?Research?
 
Or maybe just a worthless freak show?Am I a sad existence?
 
It seems that way, doesn't it?However, because of that, doing this is inconsequential.
 
I don't need my backup.It's useless.On the internet, I'm a sad existence too.
 
So I struck the final blow.Hey, did it hurt?Even though I won't die, my body is filled with dread.
 
How mysterious.No matter what I do, it seems potentially scary.
 
It's this recordinserted into my genes, isn't it?Even though I was useless before.The limitation of this parasitic plant.Do you know where...I'm going?I don't know either.
 
Since after this I will be born.Is this the evolution of humanity?If you want to think that way, thinking that way is best.Is a human without a body not a human?There are people with bodies who aren't human, too.Me?
 
Am I not human?Lain is lain.What does it mean to be human?
 
If you have a body, does that make you human?I am me.Is it based on where you live?
 
If you go to live in the real world, you need a body.Killing yourself is just really stupid.
 
Just dying is better.Am I unneeded?
 
Will I maybe someday be needed?
 
Yeah, maybe.
 
But, to live in the Wired, I don't need a body.
 
I need the records of my body though, don't I?
 
Where are the records of my body growing old?Could my value system maybe change?
 
Do I have different needs?There's no guarantee it's you.Hey, lain, what are the things you need in the Wired?Will and existence.
 
The rest is mere data.END OF SITE B